SourceHanSansLite.ttf
console.rpy
console.rpy.bak
console.rpyc
credits.rpy
credits.rpy.bak
credits.rpyc
definitions.rpy
definitions.rpyc
effects.rpy
effects.rpyc
glitchtext.rpy
glitchtext.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpy.1.bak
gui.rpyc
monika.chr
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpy.1.bak
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
splash.rpy
splash.rpyc
transforms.rpy
transforms.rpyc
zcredits.rpy
zcredits.rpy.bak
zcredits.rpyc
audio\.gitkeep
audio\README.md
audio\egg.ogg
audio\eggend.ogg
audio\eggend0.ogg
audio\eggend1.ogg
audio\end.ogg
audio\game0.ogg
audio\game1.ogg
audio\game2.ogg
audio\game3.ogg
audio\gameexp.ogg
audio\gameexploop.ogg
audio\menu.ogg
audio\tale.ogg
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cache\shaders.txt
gui\blood_drop.png
gui\end.png
gui\frame.png
gui\frame.png.1.bak
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\menu_bg.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\namebox.png.1.bak
gui\notify.png
gui\notify.png.1.bak
gui\nvl.png
gui\nvl.png.1.bak
gui\skip.png
gui\skip.png.1.bak
gui\textbox.png
gui\textbox.png.1.bak
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\bottom.png.1.bak
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\left.png.1.bak
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\right.png.1.bak
gui\bar\top.png
gui\bar\top.png.1.bak
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\font\F25_Bank_Printer.ttf
gui\font\SourceHanSansCN-Normal.otf
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png.1.bak
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png.1.bak
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\nvl.png.1.bak
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\textbox.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
images\bg basic.jpg
images\bg black.jpg
images\bsod.png
images\game_menu.jpg
images\glitch-blue.png
images\glitch-green.png
images\glitch-red.png
images\glitch.jpg
images\main_menu.jpg
images\main_menu.psd
images\noise1.jpg
images\noise2.jpg
images\noise3.jpg
images\noise4.jpg
images\spirit blank.png
images\splash-white.png
images\splash.png
images\splash.psd
images\veinmask.png
images\veinmaskb.png
images\vignette.png
images\warning.png
images\warning.psd
images\warning2.png
images\explorer\README.md
images\explorer\exp s1.png
images\explorer\exp s2.png
images\explorer\exp s22.png
images\explorer\exp s3.png
images\explorer\exp s4.png
images\explorer\exp s5.png
images\explorer\exp s6.png
images\monika\monika basic.png
images\sunset\README.md
images\sunset\bg\bg sunset stare.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset bye.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset clap0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset clap1.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain1.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain2.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain3.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain4.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain5.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain6.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset explain7.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset look0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset look1.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset look2.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset look3.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset look4.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset smile0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset think0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset0.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset1.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset2.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset3.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset4.png
images\sunset\spirit\sunset upset5.png
python-packages\singleton.py
rpy\.gitkeep
rpy\ch0.rpy
rpy\ch0.rpyc
rpy\ch1.rpy
rpy\ch1.rpyc
rpy\ch2.rpy
rpy\ch2.rpy.bak
rpy\ch2.rpyc
rpy\ch3.rpy
rpy\ch3.rpyc
rpy\ch4.rpy
rpy\ch4.rpyc
rpy\ch5.rpy
rpy\ch5.rpyc
rpy\ch6.rpy
rpy\ch6.rpyc
rpy\chexp.rpy
rpy\chexp.rpyc
rpy\end.rpy
rpy\end.rpyc
rpy\test.rpy
rpy\test.rpy.bak
rpy\test.rpyc
rpy\ykherror.rpy
rpy\ykherror.rpyc
saves\navigation.json
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
